so where'd you grow up that's your move
well I read you're lucky you're hot just
answer the question
Queens and so we get way close to your
parents yeah with my mom yeah I'm not so
much with my dad why not no I guess
there's just always been this distance
you know I mean we both try to pretend
it's not there but but it is it's gotta
be rough it sounds really tough you know
sometimes I think Wow nice would you go
up so simple
thank you come on now if you'll excuse
me I'm gonna go to the restroom hmm and
now you're watching me walk away yes I
am again so simple you are not gonna
believe what I did today well it clearly
wasn't showering or shaving
I got good I played this game all day
and now I rule at if they should change
the name of it to miss Chandler although
I hope they don't wait a minute used to
be home all day and played miss pac-man
well I went off to work like some kind
of chump and I got all the top-10 scores
I erased Phoebe off the board high five
what is the matter with your hand well
I've been playing it for like eight
hours it it'll loosen up come on check
out this horse oh and also look at the
initials they're dirty words scaler why
would you do that because it's awesome
you think this is feather well you know
they only give you three letters so
after a SS it is a bit of a challenge
maybe different this one's not dirty
well it is when you put it together with
that one oh well if you don't clear this
off you won't be getting one of those
for me
Finn's coming over here tomorrow to play
this game this can't be there come on he
won't even know what they mean Taylor
he's seven he's not stupid have you
talked to him lately look I'm just gonna
unplug it don't know if you want plug it
up nothing to show for my day it'll be
like I was at work Hey look at that look
at that it's still there this thing must
have some kind of primitive long chip in
it or something
you can't beat your scores with the claw
fine I'll do it
she's got to get this off the screen
Carol and Susan are still upset you
taught him pull my finger hold my finger
my hand is messed up I'm not gonna
answer that
oh come on just pick one between Monica
Phoebe Chandler and Ross if you had to
if you had to what would you punch no
they were my friends I wouldn't punch
any of them Chandler
yeah but I don't know why